{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri-720\sb360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 PART ONE}
\par\pard\plain \ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 OPENING SCENE:}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Administrator: }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Welcome, thank you so much for heeding our request.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Of course, of course. (}{\f2\fs24\i1 It's hard to resist the mystery of a robot needing the services of a psychiatrist)}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Well, let's not waste any time. If you'll follow me we can meet inside in my office.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 /scene transition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Now, I'm sure you must be wondering why I've asked you here to East Spire.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 I've never known a robot need the services of a psychiatrist before.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 ...Yes, well... I think before we really begin I will need you to sign this- just a simple non-disclosure document pertaining to what we are needing to discuss.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 /Non-Disclosure document presented}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Excellent. Now, like you said, robots don't require the need of psychiatry or therapy... generally.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Generally?}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Synthetic life forms have a reputation for being model citizens. Our ancestors were designed by you organic being to follow the rules and laws of society, and it is only logical for us to have continued in that design even after we received our civil rights.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 However, recently we've had some of our siblings develop... quirks. To not insight panic amongst the masses we've relocated them here, to East Spire. Dr., you are inside what is effectively the first Psychiatric Ward for synthetic lifeforms.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Relocated... against their will? (}{\f2\fs24\i1 Robots are being taken prisoner against their will? Who else knows about this?)}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Oh no no, you misunderstand. They are here of their own volition. They volunteered to remain here until these quirks can be solved. They all understand how dangerous these quirks are to society.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 What do you mean by that?}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 You may see some of their actions as trivial or benign, but can you imagine what sort of precedent that sets - synthetic life acting outside of it's design? It could mean acting outside of the law humans have set. I believe many a fiction author from your past depict apocalyptic scenarios of one form or another because of just such a scenario. }
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 I suppose you're not wrong.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Then we are in agreement.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 So what I am here for? (}{\f2\fs24\i1 Am I expected to Psycho-analyze a bunch of androids?)}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 We'd like you to psycho-analyze all our inmates here.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 (...wow...}{\f2\fs24\i1 )}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Unfortunately, these quirks seem to resemble a more... organic nature. We've tried to reverse them through synthetic means, but our attempts and our... strategies... seem to have no effect.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 And you believe I will have success where you have failed?}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Oh, we are well aware that we are in unexplored territory here. We only wish for you to do your best. Talk with them, therapize them if you think it might help. We'll adjust their operating parameters based on your suggestions. Think of it as prescribing a medication. Decide which processes should be stimulated, which ones depressed, and we'll take it from their. }
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 This is pretty unusual.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 As I said, unexplored territory. If that is all, I can show you too your office and you can dive right in.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Player:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 No use in delaying it I suppose, let's see what I'm working with.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\ri-720\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Scene Transition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Admin:}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Here you are. If you need anything let me know. You tablet here will help you devise or alter their prescribed treatments after each session. I'll go find your first patient now.}}